Docs: Add section in troubleshooting user docs on hydration (#27673)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/transform-data/troubleshooting.md

To detect and address stalled sources, follow the [`Ingest data` troubleshooting](/ingest-data/troubleshooting)
guide.

> ### Hydrating upstream objects
> When a source, materialized view, or index is created or updated, the underlying cluster must first do an
> initial processing for the object over all the existing data. We call this process hydration. Queries that depend on hydrating objects will block until hydration is
> complete.
> 
> Hydration takes time proportional to data volume and query complexity. Indexes and materialized views with large amounts of data will take longer to hydrate than indexes and materialized views with small amounts of data. Similarly, indexes and materialized views for complex queries will take longer to hydrate than indexes and materialized views for simple queries.
> 
> Hydration also happens every time a cluster is restarted or sized up, including during
> [Materialize's routine maintenance window](/releases#schedule).
> 
> To see whether an object is still hydrating, use the [workflow graph in the Materialize console](#detect) for the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Hydrating upstream objects

When a source, materialized view, or index is created or updated, it must first
be backfilled with any pre-existing data — a process known as _hydration_.

Queries that depend objects that are still hydrating will **block until
hydration is complete**. To see whether an object is still hydrating, navigate
to the [workflow graph](#detect) for the object in the Materialize console.

Hydration time is proportional to data volume and query complexity. This means
that you should expect objects with large volumes of data and/or complex
queries to take longer to hydrate. You should also expect hydration to be
triggered every time a cluster is restarted or sized up, including during
[Materialize's routine maintenance window](/releases#schedule).
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion.
